---
layout: post
title: "Learning Everything Again"
tags: raw
---
As a software engineer, it's easy to get caught up in details. After all,
programming itself is a very detail-oriented skill. One skill that I've needed
to develop in addition to just coding is documentation and writing. I never
thought English class would actually be useful (I'm still not entirely
convinced that it is...)

The problem is that it's also easy for me to get side-tracked from the entire
point of an exercise. In this particular case I'm talking about creating a blog
or website. I can just as easily learn to do the front-end development (i.e.
writing HTML, CSS, Javascript) in order to create a very minimal and pretty
website. And that's often times what ends up happening.

In previous iterations of creating a website, I got intrigued by the
technologies that were used to create or generate the website.  I'm also
self-aware of what I'm doing, but building the website is clearly not my
overall intention.

The main intention is writing content. I fool myself by thinking that if only I
build a very minimal and sleek website, then I can *really* focus on the
content. Let me just tweak these few things before I start writing.

Unfortunately, by the time I'm done tweaking, my motivation is also sapped.
Time to move on to the next thing. Gotta focus on work or classes or personal
life again. Sometimes I have bursts of motivation so I'm still able to write
some content too. But I can only wonder how much more or how much longer my
writing stint would've lasted if I focused on writing rather than coding.

So this time around, I'm coming back to using Jekyll and hosting it on GitHub
Pages. It's the path of least resistance. Rather than spending time and energy
figuring out free, but custom hosting options that also let me keep my source
code private, I decide to to fork over the $4/month for get a GitHub Pro plan,
which lets me host on GitHub Pages while keeping my repo private.
