---
layout: post
title: "Reflection on 2022"
tags:
  - draft
  - raw
created: 2022-01-01 19:47:00 -0600
where: "Chicago flight from ORD-SAN"
---
### January

January was great. We celebrated my birthday in Cabo. Since we couldn't do cruises anymore, or rather, felt uncomfortable doing cruises after the pandemic, an all inclusive resort made sense. The main reason I enjoyed cruises was the isolation, food, rest, and weather.

Isolation in the sense that I don't have cell reception and choose not to pay for Internet during the cruise. This way I can completely disconnect from work. Any work emergency, I'm unaware of and someone else must find an alternative to resolve. This is great for mental health.

Unlimited food is the second reason. The food is not the best, but pretty good. Since cruise kitchens are churning out food, think quantity not quality. I'm not a picky (read as "without sophisticated palate") eater. Comfort food any time I want makes me happy. Definitely gotta ignore the fact that I'll gain weight (not healthy weight).

Rest and weather go hand in hand as I think about it. Because I don't bring much technology, my sleep isn't disrupted and I go to sleep at a natural time at night. The sunny weather is inviting and helps get sunlight which also helps my body regulate natural sleep.

Although there is unlimited coffee available on cruises, I also choose to drink only decaf. I like the taste of coffee and when I have not reason to get caffeinated (unless I'm trying to overcome a sugar crash). Coffee also suppresses my appetite slightly (even when decaffeinated), which acts as a nice drink after a meal. But the point I was trying to get to is that even the choice of decaf is good for my natural sleep cycles since it has uninterrupted by the ill effects of caffeine.

Sunny weather feels nice. Especially during January when most tropical climates have moderate heat. Sometimes I feel like a reptile (or maybe Superman?) as I gather energy from basking in the sun. It also helps that I don't get sunburnt easily (since I have tan skin).

One thing you may have noticed I didn't mention is the the ocean. I think it is cool that you're physically isolated and literally in the middle of the ocean when on a cruise, but that's not as important to me. The isolation is also terrible during a pandemic. You're surrounded by the same people, witch is especially bad if those people are sick. This is one of the reasons why I'm willing to part with the physical isolation part. Which leads me to...

All-inclusive resorts provide all of this except the physical isolation. The digital isolation is also a bit looser.

When we went to Cabo (in Mexico), T-Mobile provides free, limited data connectivity. In May, when we repeated this trip for Marti's birthday, I ended up finding a new favorite song, which required Internet to download and listen to, which I did on repeat.

### Spring

I didn't take Georgia Tech classes, or rather signed up and then dropped the class after about one month. I didn't like starting class and then immediately getting one week behind as I took time off to enjoy my birthday.

February, March, and April don't stand out much in my head as I reflect on it. I'm sure that if I check my journal, I'll be reminded of something eventful that I'm forgetting.
